First version (#1)
xiaominzhu88/ecommerce-page-next: README.md

<!-- Create a readme with:
title
description
all technologies used
1 or 2 screenshots
setup instructions
deployment instructions -->

# FASHION & PET STORE online_shop

## Description

> This project is an online shop of interior decoration items created with Next.js.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project is an online fashion and pet accessory shop created with Next.js.
```

The shop features following pages and functionality:

> - a products page which contains Fashion and Pet-Store items

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- a products page which contains fashion and pet accessory items
```

> - a page for each single product on which user is able to input quantity, the total price will be calculated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- a page for each single product on which user is able to choose a quantity to purchase and the total price will be calculated
```

> - a shopping cart page containing a list where products appear when you click on the "add Items" button on the single product page, which also shows the total price of all products

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A shopping cart page containing a list of products which have been added to the cart using the "Add Items" button on the single product page, controls to update the quantity of each item and the total price of all products
```

> - after click on "to cartpage", user will be linked to a cart page which shows the total and shipping / payment information, on this page, user is able to update items quantity, or remove each item, total price and items cart will be automatically updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: If you accept my suggestion above, it will remove the bullet point. I feel like the bullet point is covered already in the previous bullet point.

- after click on "checkout" button, user will be linked to a thank you page.

> - the header shows a shopping cart with the current number of items on all pages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the header is displayed on all page, and shows a shopping cart with the current number of items
```

> ## Technologies used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Technologies Used
```

> This project is a Next.js app which makes use of PostgresQL database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project is a Next.js app which makes use of a PostgresQL database.
```

Migrations are set up with Ley.

- [ ] [`ley`](https://github.com/lukeed/ley)

> - [ ] [`postgres`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/postgres)

Reviewer: I guess these don't need to be checkboxes (they can just be normal bullet points).

It uses cookies to keep track of items in cart and their amount.

> Some pages and components are written using Typescript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some pages and components are written using TypeScript.
```

> The project contains testing with Cypress. Deployment was carried out with Heroku.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The project contains end to end tests with Cypress. Deployment was carried out with Heroku.
```

> ## Setup instructions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Setup Instructions
```

### Database Setup

> Copy the .env.example file to .env and add the database connection information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copy the `.env.example` file to `.env` and add the database connection information.
```

You'll also need PostgreSQL for this.

> PostgreSQL Installation instructions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### PostgreSQL Installation Instructions
```

> Follow the instructions from the PostgreSQL step on https://www.postgresql.org/docs/10/runtime.html

Reviewer: Is this the right URL? Did you mean to link to the [UpLeveled System Setup](https://github.com/upleveled/system-setup/)?

- [ ] Run the following queries inside of psql to set up the database and the user:

- [ ] CREATE DATABASE nextjs_ecommerce_store;

- [ ] CREATE USER nextjs_ecommerce_score WITH ENCRYPTED PASSWORD 'nextjs_ecommerce_store';

- [ ] GRANT ALL PRIVILEGES ON DATABASE nextjs_ecommerce_store TO nextjs_ecommerce_score;

> - [ ] Then, to connect to the database using this new user, quit psql and reconnect:

Reviewer: Here I would not use checkboxes.

Instead, just write paragraph text for the English instruction text and for the command line / SQL commands, use code blocks:

https://docs.github.com/en/github/writing-on-github/creating-and-highlighting-code-blocks

\q

psql -U nextjs_ecommerce_score nextjs_ecommerce_store

You can run the migrations with the following command:
`yarn migrate up`

To drop the last migration run the following in your terminal:
`yarn migrate down`

### Deployment instructions for Heroku

- Sign up for Heroku: https://signup.heroku.com/
- Create a new App
- Choose a name and select your region
- Click on the button in the middle called "Connect to GitHub"
- Search for your repository in the search box at the bottom of the page and click on the "Connect" button
- Click on the button for "Enable Automatic Deploys"
- Go back to the Overview tab and click on "Configure Add-On"
- Search for "Postgres" and select "Heroku Postgres" from the results

About Page Screenshot:

<img src="/public/screenshot.png" width="500" height="350">

Cart Page Screenshot:

<img src="/public/cart.png" width="450" height="250">

Fashion-Shop Page Screenshot:

> <img src="/public/shopScreenshot.png" width="450" height="250">.

Reviewer: `alt` attribute for images?

> 
> > > > > > > > c1cde23a0ba08ecc1dd60f6972abc67238bcc0ba

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Reviewer: I guess this was left over from a merge conflict
